# Abbey Mui
* From Carnegie Mellon University
* Sustainable earth

# Covid Era
Lots of contractor layoffs... Go figure.
Worked with mother to setup daycare. Digital Marketing with that.

Worked with Mother to make the website look more modern and share what makes her differen than other places.

40% of small businesses don't have a digital presence... Mostly they don't know about it

It's important to have one but also it takes resources... So like if they don't have control over it why would they try to?

Non Profit agency to make web services accessible. 
Key Pillars are
* Affordable
* Accessible 
* Sustainable

Old Process is an 8 week process....
Business owners do training at the end

Added two weeks to do training at week 3
Share one piece of functionality at a time to see how they're going.

It makes small bussinesses techliterate

# Structure
4 people teams
* PM
* 2x team members
* Client

## meetings
* 1hr weekly Client
* 30 minute weekly pm team meeting
* 1 hour weekly development workshops
* 30 minute bi-weekly PM 1:1 checkin

# Weekly Workshops
Learning new technologies....

# After thoughts
What kind of ponzi scheme is this... I already Proved I can pick up and learn anything within a reasonable time. 

They know how to use facebook, Don't give them a coded solution, so they decided on WIX. Who is going to maintain it? it was the daughter... So get them in on it. What existing assets are there.

Don't just teach them... But also create assets so they can pass on the legacy.

Keep your supporters in the loop

## Start Employing people...
Networking and asking people to help out. 

Start small and build up to it. 